{\rtf1\fbidis\ansi\ansicpg0\uc1\deff0\deflang0\deflangfe0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil \'cb\'ce\'cc\'e5;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset134 \'cb\'ce\'cc\'e5;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f3\fnil Arial;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red235\green245\blue245;}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1867641515\listsimple1
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\li720\fi-360\jclisttab\tx720{\leveltext\'01\uc2\u183 \'a1\'a4\uc1;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\lang1024}
\listid1730064222}
{\list\listtemplateid1224632538\listsimple1
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\li720\fi-360\jclisttab\tx720{\leveltext\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fs24}
\listid1038432841}
{\list\listtemplateid165170034\listsimple1
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\li720\fi-360\jclisttab\tx720{\leveltext\'01\uc2\u183 \'a1\'a4\uc1;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\lang1024}
\listid666141500}
{\list\listtemplateid1545208880\listsimple1
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\li720\fi-360\jclisttab\tx720{\leveltext\'01\uc2\u183 \'a1\'a4\uc1;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\lang1024}
\listid1681365751}
{\list\listtemplateid951969496\listsimple1
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\li720\fi-360\jclisttab\tx720{\leveltext\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fs24}
\listid25240634}
{\list\listtemplateid403448103\listsimple1
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\li720\fi-360\jclisttab\tx720{\leveltext\'01\uc2\u183 \'a1\'a4\uc1;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\lang1024}
\listid2123432901}
{\list\listtemplateid217524958
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\li720\fi-360\jclisttab\tx720{\leveltext\'01\uc2\u183 \'a1\'a4\uc1;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\lang1024}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\li1080\fi-360\jclisttab\tx1080{\leveltext\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f4\fs24}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\li1080\fi-360\jclisttab\tx1080{\leveltext\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f4\fs24}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\li1080\fi-360\jclisttab\tx1080{\leveltext\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f4\fs24}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\li1080\fi-360\jclisttab\tx1080{\leveltext\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f4\fs24}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\li1080\fi-360\jclisttab\tx1080{\leveltext\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f4\fs24}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\li1080\fi-360\jclisttab\tx1080{\leveltext\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f4\fs24}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\li1080\fi-360\jclisttab\tx1080{\leveltext\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f4\fs24}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\li1080\fi-360\jclisttab\tx1080{\leveltext\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f4\fs24}
\listid2112000088}
{\list\listtemplateid312653245\listsimple1
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\li720\fi-360\jclisttab\tx720{\leveltext\'01\uc2\u183 \'a1\'a4\uc1;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\lang1024}
\listid1557086899}
}
{\*\listoverridetable
{\listoverride\listid1730064222\listoverridecount0\ls1}
{\listoverride\listid1038432841\listoverridecount0\ls2}
{\listoverride\listid666141500\listoverridecount0\ls3}
{\listoverride\listid1681365751\listoverridecount0\ls4}
{\listoverride\listid25240634\listoverridecount0\ls5}
{\listoverride\listid2123432901\listoverridecount0\ls6}
{\listoverride\listid2112000088\listoverridecount0\ls7}
{\listoverride\listid1557086899\listoverridecount0\ls8}
}


\pard\sl360\slmult1\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\lang2052\fs24\cf2 man 8 ifconfig
\par \pard\sl360\slmult1\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \plain \f1\lang2052\fs18 IFCONFIG(8)                                         Linux Programmer's Manual                                        IFCONFIG(8)
\par NAME
\par \plain \f1\lang2052\fs18\cf1        ifconfig - configure a network interface
\par \plain \f1\lang2052\fs18 
\par SYNOPSIS
\par        ifconfig [interface]
\par        ifconfig interface [aftype] options | address ...
\par 
\par DESCRIPTION
\par        Ifconfig  is  used  to configure the kernel-resident network interfaces.  It is used at boot time to set up interfaces as
\par        necessary.  After that, it is usually only needed when debugging or when system tuning is needed.
\par 
\par        WARNING: Ifconfig is obsolete on system with Linux kernel newer than 2.0. On this system you should use ip.  See  the  ip
\par        manual page for details
\par 
\par        If  no arguments are given, ifconfig displays the status of the currently active interfaces.  If a single interface argu-
\par        ment is given, it displays the status of the given interface only; if a single -a argument is given, it displays the sta-
\par        tus of all interfaces, even those that are down.  Otherwise, it configures an interface.
\par 
\par 
\par Address Families
\par        If the first argument after the interface name is recognized as the name of a supported address family, that address fam-
\par        ily is used for decoding and displaying all protocol  addresses.   Currently  supported  address  families  include  inet
\par        (TCP/IP,  default),  inet6  (IPv6),  ax25 (AMPR Packet Radio), ddp (Appletalk Phase 2), ipx (Novell IPX) and netrom (AMPR
\par        Packet radio).
\par 
\par OPTIONS
\par        interface
\par               The name of the interface.  This is usually a driver name followed by a unit number,  for  example  eth0  for  the
\par               first Ethernet interface.
\par 
\par        up     This  flag  causes  the  interface  to  be activated.  It is implicitly specified if an address is assigned to the
\par               interface.
\par 
\par        down   This flag causes the driver for this interface to be shut down.
\par 
\par        [-]arp Enable or disable the use of the ARP protocol on this interface.
\par 
\par        [-]promisc
\par               Enable or disable the promiscuous mode of the interface.  If selected, all packets on the network will be received
\par               by the interface.
\par 
\par        [-]allmulti
\par               Enable  or  disable all-multicast mode.  If selected, all multicast packets on the network will be received by the
\par               interface.
\par 
\par        metric N
\par               This parameter sets the interface metric.
\par 
\par        mtu N  This parameter sets the Maximum Transfer Unit (MTU) of an interface.
\par 
\par        dstaddr addr
\par               Set the remote IP address for a point-to-point link (such as PPP).  This keyword is now obsolete; use the  pointo-
\par               point keyword instead.
\par 
\par        netmask addr
\par               Set  the  IP  network  mask for this interface.  This value defaults to the usual class A, B or C network mask (as
\par               derived from the interface IP address), but it can be set to any value.
\par 
\par        add addr/prefixlen
\par               Add an IPv6 address to an interface.
\par 
\par        del addr/prefixlen
\par               Remove an IPv6 address from an interface.
\par 
\par        tunnel aa.bb.cc.dd
\par               Create a new SIT (IPv6-in-IPv4) device, tunnelling to the given destination.
\par 
\par        irq addr
\par               Set the interrupt line used by this device.  Not all devices can dynamically change their IRQ setting.
\par 
\par        io_addr addr
\par               Set the start address in I/O space for this device.
\par 
\par        mem_start addr
\par               Set the start address for shared memory used by this device.  Only a few devices need this.
\par 
\par        media type
\par               Set the physical port or medium type to be used by the device.  Not all devices can change this setting, and those
\par               that can vary in what values they support.  Typical values for type are 10base2 (thin Ethernet), 10baseT (twisted-
\par               pair 10Mbps Ethernet), AUI (external transceiver) and so on.  The special medium type of auto can be used to  tell
\par               the driver to auto-sense the media.  Again, not all drivers can do this.
\par 
\par        [-]broadcast [addr]
\par               If  the  address  argument  is  given,  set the protocol broadcast address for this interface.  Otherwise, set (or
\par               clear) the IFF_BROADCAST flag for the interface.
\par 
\par        [-]pointopoint [addr]
\par               This keyword enables the point-to-point mode of an interface, meaning  that  it  is  a  direct  link  between  two
\par               machines with nobody else listening on it.
\par               If the address argument is also given, set the protocol address of the other side of the link, just like the obso-
\par               lete dstaddr keyword does.  Otherwise, set or clear the IFF_POINTOPOINT flag for the interface.
\par 
\par        hw class address
\par               Set the hardware address of this interface, if the device driver supports this operation.   The  keyword  must  be
\par               followed  by  the name of the hardware class and the printable ASCII equivalent of the hardware address.  Hardware
\par               classes currently supported include ether (Ethernet), ax25 (AMPR AX.25), ARCnet and netrom (AMPR NET/ROM).
\par 
\par        multicast
\par               Set the multicast flag on the interface. This should not normally be needed as the drivers set the flag  correctly
\par               themselves.
\par 
\par        address
\par               The IP address to be assigned to this interface.
\par 
\par        txqueuelen length
\par               Set  the  length  of the transmit queue of the device. It is useful to set this to small values for slower devices
\par               with a high latency (modem links, ISDN) to prevent fast bulk transfers from disturbing  interactive  traffic  like
\par               telnet too much.
\par 
\par NOTES
\par        Since  kernel release 2.2 there are no explicit interface statistics for alias interfaces anymore. The statistics printed
\par        for the original address are shared with all alias addresses on the same device. If you want per-address  statistics  you
\par        should add explicit accounting rules for the address using the ipchains(8) command.
\par 
\par        Interrupt  problems  with  Ethernet  device drivers fail with EAGAIN. See http://cesdis.gsfc.nasa.gov/linux/misc/irq-con-
\par        flict.html for more information.
\par 
\par FILES
\par \plain \f1\lang2052\fs18\cf1        /proc/net/socket
\par        /proc/net/dev
\par        /proc/net/if_inet6
\par \plain \f1\lang2052\fs18 
\par BUGS
\par        While appletalk DDP and IPX addresses will be displayed they cannot be altered by this command.
\par 
\par SEE ALSO
\par        route(8), netstat(8), arp(8), rarp(8), ipchains(8)
\par 
\par AUTHORS
\par        Fred N. van Kempen, <waltje@uwalt.nl.mugnet.org>
\par        Alan Cox, <Alan.Cox@linux.org>
\par        Phil Blundell, <Philip.Blundell@pobox.com>
\par        Andi Kleen\par}