# 03.General Output Control

 -L, --files-without-match         
         不显示平常一般的输出结果，反而显示出没有符合的文件名称。
-l, --files-with-matches    
         不显示平常一般的输出结果，只显示符合的文件名称。
-q, --quiet, --silent             
         不显示任何的一般输出。请参阅-s或--no-messages

-s, --no-messages            
         不显示关于不存在或无法读取的错误讯息。
         小注: 不像GNU grep，传统的grep不符合POSIX.2协议，因为缺乏-q参数，且他的-s 参数表现像GNU grep的 -q 参数。
         Shell Script倾向将传统的grep移植，避开-q及-s参数，且将输出限制到/dev/null。
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
General Output Control
       -c, --count
              Suppress normal output; instead print a count of matching lines for each input file.  With the -v,  --invert-match
              option (see below), count non-matching lines.  (-c is specified by POSIX.)

       --color[=WHEN], --colour[=WHEN]
              Surround  the  matched (non-empty) strings, matching lines, context lines, file names, line numbers, byte offsets,
              and separators (for fields and groups of context lines) with escape sequences to display  them  in  color  on  the
              terminal.   The  colors  are defined by the environment variable GREP_COLORS.  The deprecated environment variable
              GREP_COLOR is still supported, but its setting does not have priority.  WHEN is never, always, or auto.

       -L, --files-without-match
              Suppress normal output; instead print the name of each input file from which no output would  normally  have  been
              printed.  The scanning will stop on the first match.

       -l, --files-with-matches
              Suppress  normal  output;  instead  print  the  name of each input file from which output would normally have been
              printed.  The scanning will stop on the first match.  (-l is specified by POSIX.)

       -m NUM, --max-count=NUM
              Stop reading a file after NUM matching lines.  If the input is  standard  input  from  a  regular  file,  and  NUM
              matching lines are output, grep ensures that the standard input is positioned to just after the last matching line
              before exiting, regardless of the presence of trailing context lines.  This enables a calling process to resume  a
              search.   When grep stops after NUM matching lines, it outputs any trailing context lines.  When the -c or --count
              option is also used, grep does not output a count greater than NUM.  When the -v or --invert-match option is  also
              used, grep stops after outputting NUM non-matching lines.

       -o, --only-matching
              Print only the matched (non-empty) parts of a matching line, with each such part on a separate output line.

       -q, --quiet, --silent
              Quiet; do not write anything to standard output.  Exit immediately with zero status if any match is found, even if
              an error was detected.  Also see the -s or --no-messages option.  (-q is specified by POSIX.)

       -s, --no-messages
              Suppress error messages about nonexistent or unreadable files.  Portability note: unlike  GNU  grep,  7th  Edition
              Unix  grep  did  not  conform  to POSIX, because it lacked -q and its -s option behaved like GNU grep's -q option.
              USG-style grep also lacked -q but its -s option behaved like GNU grep.  Portable shell scripts should  avoid  both
              -q and -s and should redirect standard and error output to /dev/null instead.  (-s is specified by POSIX.)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

