# 04.Output Line Prefix Control

-n, --line-number           
         在显示行前，标上行号。
-H, --with-filename               
         当查询多个文件时，在每个符合样式行前加上文件名称。（多个文件时默认设置）
-h, --no-filename                 
          一个文件时默认不展示文件名，当多个文件时，如果不展示文件名，需要使用-h选项。
-b, --byte-offset                 
        列出样式之前的内文总共有多少byte ..
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Output Line Prefix Control
       -b, --byte-offset
              Print  the  0-based  byte  offset  within  the  input file before each line of output.  If -o (--only-matching) is
              specified, print the offset of the matching part itself.

       -H, --with-filename
              Print the file name for each match.  This is the default when there is more than one file to search.

       -h, --no-filename
              Suppress the prefixing of file names on output.  This is the default when there is only one file (or only standard
              input) to search.

       --label=LABEL
              Display  input actually coming from standard input as input coming from file LABEL.  This is especially useful for
              tools like zgrep, e.g., gzip -cd foo.gz | grep --label=foo something

       -n, --line-number
              Prefix each line of output with the 1-based line number within its input file.  (-n is specified by POSIX.)

       -T, --initial-tab
              Make sure that the first character of actual line content lies on a tab stop, so that the alignment of tabs  looks
              normal.   This  is useful with options that prefix their output to the actual content: -H,-n, and -b.  In order to
              improve the probability that lines from a single file will all start at the same column, this also causes the line
              number and byte offset (if present) to be printed in a minimum size field width.

       -u, --unix-byte-offsets
              Report  Unix-style  byte offsets.  This switch causes grep to report byte offsets as if the file were a Unix-style
              text file, i.e., with CR characters stripped off.  This will produce results identical to running grep on  a  Unix
              machine.  This option has no effect unless -b option is also used; it has no effect on platforms other than MS-DOS
              and MS-Windows.

       -Z, --null
              Output a zero byte (the ASCII NUL character) instead of the character that normally  follows  a  file  name.   For
              example,  grep  -lZ  outputs a zero byte after each file name instead of the usual newline.  This option makes the
              output unambiguous, even in the presence of file names containing unusual characters like newlines.   This  option
              can  be used with commands like find -print0, perl -0, sort -z, and xargs -0 to process arbitrary file names, even
              those that contain newline characters.

