# 07.Other Options

--mmap                            
         如果可能，使用mmap系统呼叫去读取输入，而不是预设的read系统呼叫。
         在某些状况，--mmap 能产生较好的效能。 
         然而，--mmap如果运作中档案缩短，或I/O 错误发生时，可能造成未定义的行为(包含core dump)。
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Other Options
       --line-buffered
              Use line buffering on output.  This can cause a performance penalty.

       --mmap If possible, use the mmap(2) system call to read input, instead of the  default  read(2)  system  call.   In  some
              situations, --mmap yields better performance.  However, --mmap can cause undefined behavior (including core dumps)
              if an input file shrinks while grep is operating, or if an I/O error occurs.

       -U, --binary
              Treat the file(s) as binary.  By default, under MS-DOS and MS-Windows, grep guesses the file type  by  looking  at
              the  contents  of  the  first  32KB read from the file.  If grep decides the file is a text file, it strips the CR
              characters from the original file contents (to make regular expressions with ^ and $ work correctly).   Specifying
              -U  overrules  this  guesswork, causing all files to be read and passed to the matching mechanism verbatim; if the
              file is a text file with CR/LF pairs at the end of each line, this will cause some regular  expressions  to  fail.
              This option has no effect on platforms other than MS-DOS and MS-Windows.

       -z, --null-data
              Treat  the input as a set of lines, each terminated by a zero byte (the ASCII NUL character) instead of a newline.
              Like the -Z or --null option, this option can be used with commands like sort -z to process arbitrary file  names.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
